# Introduction

Between September and November of 2025, I built a Full-stack e-commerce clothing website called 'Clothing Shop'... _yes, very original, I know_. I wanted to create a strong example of my current ability as a Full-stack developer, whilst ensuring not to fall into scope creep, and decided that a simple e-commerce website would fit this criteria.

Another purpose of this project for me, was to attempt to improve the modularity and cleanliness of my React.js code, and improve my usage of components, as opposed to previous projects using a similar tech stack. To achieve this, I did some basic research prior to development on some common industry standards, and attempted to implement them instead of what I had been doing before, which greatly improved my ability to navigate through and use the components I had built, once the project's code base began to grow. I also followed these ideologies up by taking testing more seriously and implementing unit tests through Vitest within my frontend.

Prior to this project, my backend development experience was limited to Node.js and the use of Express.js, of which I wanted to expand. Therefore, for this project I decided to learn the Go programming language and implement a backend using my newfound knowledge. Whilst a project of this scale would not see obvious improvements through the implemention of Go in opposition to Javascript, it allowed me to learn and explore a key programming language being used for high-performance backend systems in the industry.
