# Why did I choose Go?

As I mentioned before, prior to this project my only experience with backend web development was my minimal experience with Express.js/Node.js with Javascript. Although the current scale of my independent projects did not have any obvious issues with these technologies, I knew it was vital for my career and future projects that I learnt a new backend language for creating more optimal and high-speed backend systems.

I decided to opt for learning the Go programming language, as I had heard many good things about the language in regards to efficiency, simplicity in the code, and low boilerplate. I also am aware of the growing popularity the language has within the industry, and knew learning such a language would provide me with significantly more opportunities in my future career, and would be a fundamental language to learn as a Full-stack Web Developer. Furthermore, Go provides certain functionalities that a language like Javascript doesn't, such as pointers, which allows me to continue to develop my overall knowledge as a programmer, alongside expanding my knowledge of Backend Web Development.

Prior to starting the 'Clothing Shop' project, I spent 2-3 weeks learning the fundamentals of Go using [roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh/golang), which allowed me to quickly understand all the important differences between Go and other programming language I had prior experience with. Following this, I dived head first into creating a REST API for the project in Go, learning as I built, which allowed me to apply my new fundamental Go knowledge right away and solidify what I had learnt.

I also implemented logging in my backend using [zap](https://github.com/uber-go/zap), which quickly highlighted the efficiency and benefits of using Go through the sub-millisecond response times when retrieving the data from the backend. Although this would not prove an obvious difference in a project of this small scale, implementing a basic backend in Go has now provided me with fundamental skills to help me continue growing as a Full-stack Web Developer, and the ability to build / contribute to an efficient backend within future projects of larger scale.
