# What I could have done better

Firstly, one thing I think went wrong during development was a few of my components began to get repetitive and inefficient. One example of this was where I created multiple components for every type of button: `PrimaryButton`, `UIButton`, `RedirectButton`, etc. Due to this, I had 3 components with very similar code, just different colors, which was not an optimal and modular way of creating a button component. Following this, during the development of this portfolio, I created a singular `Button` component with a `variant` property, creating a much more modular component, saving unnecessary code, and making usage of the component much simpler.

Another thing I believe could have gone well with this project, is if I used the opportunity of building an e-commerce website to implement a realistic payment process, using an API like Stripe. This would have taught me invaluable skills in creating a real-world e-commerce platform, and instead I skipped the payment process since the project was only for learning, wasting the opportunity. Following this reflection, I plan to implement a payment system in my next project, most likely using Stripe since I know this is a common and reliable service used in the industry.

In conclusion, I believe this project was a massive learning opportunity and a successful project to add to my portfolio, especially since I now have a 2nd backend programming language that I can continue to learn and build with. Although there were some things I could have executed better, I will take these as learning opportunities and continue to develop and improve my implementation in future projects.
